README.md, before:

# Quantum Model Learning Agent instructions



## Packages required:

### Python 
TODO: add package installations used
* numpy 1.16.2
* pandas 0.20.3
* scipy 1.0.0
* matplotlib 3.0.3
* QInfer 1.0 
* Qutip 4.2.0
* pickle 4.0 (standard)
* random (standard)
* time (standard)
* copy (standard)
* argparse 1.1
* redis 2.10.6
* rq 0.10.6
* redis-py-cluster 1.3.4
* itertools (standard)
* psutil 5.4.3
* fpdf
* networkx 2.3
* ipyparallel 6.0.2
* scikit-learn 0.19.1

### Other
* redis


## Overview 
QMLA is a Python package for learning the model describing data obtained by probing a quantum system. 

QMLA is designed to run locally or else on a cluster operating PBS. 
In both cases, shared memory is achieved using a redis-server. 
To run locally, initialise the redis-server in a terminal:
```
redis-server
```

In a separate terminal window, go to QMD/Launch, which contains scripts local_launch.sh and parallel_launch.sh. 
These implement QMLa locally or on a cluster respectively; they contain the top-level controls of interest:

* Binary settings - top level
** num_tests: how many independent QMLA instances to run
** qhl_test: don't perform full QMLA tree, just run QHL on known/set true model. 
** multiple_qhl: perform QHL on preset list of models
** do_further_qhl: perform QHL refinement stage on preferred models after QMLA has finished.
** exp_data: (1) use set of experimental data; (0) generate data according to simulated  
** simulate_experiment: use the growth rule set by experimental data but generate true data according to set model

* QHL parmaeters:
** prt: number of particles
** exp: number of epochs/experiments to run
** pgh: (deprecated) parmameters related to heuristic used for generating experimental times. 
** ra: resampler a parameter
** rt: resampler t parameter


The user need not change controls listed under QMD Settings as these do not materially impact how QMLA proceeds (they are used for consistency e.g. for creating paths to store results).


## Growth rules
The main control the user must change for their purposes is which growth rule is used. 
Growth rules are the mechanism by which the user can control how QMLA progresses: they specify the logic used to combine previously considered models, to produce unseen models to test against the system. 

Within the launch script, the user can specify `exp_growth_rule` and `sim_growth_rule`. 

If 
* exp_data==1 => exp_growth_rule is assigned
* exp_data==0 => sim_growth_rule is assigned (pure simulation) 
* simulate_experiment => exp_growth_rule is used, generating data according to the true model set within the growth rule.

Commit message:

Ran autopep on all Python files

README.md, after:

# Quantum Model Learning Agent instructions



## Packages required:

### Python 
TODO: add package installations used
* numpy 1.16.2
* pandas 0.20.3
* scipy 1.0.0
* matplotlib 3.0.3
* QInfer 1.0 
* Qutip 4.2.0
* pickle 4.0 (standard)
* random (standard)
* time (standard)
* copy (standard)
* argparse 1.1
* redis 2.10.6
* rq 0.10.6
* redis-py-cluster 1.3.4
* itertools (standard)
* psutil 5.4.3
* fpdf
* networkx 2.3
* ipyparallel 6.0.2
* scikit-learn 0.19.1

### Other
* redis

### Programming convention
Note that Python files in this package follow Pep8. 
Before commiting new files, ensure to run autopep8 on the file first. 
```
autopep8 --in-place --aggressive <filename>
```

## Overview 
QMLA is a Python package for learning the model describing data obtained by probing a quantum system. 

QMLA is designed to run locally or else on a cluster operating PBS. 
In both cases, shared memory is achieved using a redis-server. 
To run locally, initialise the redis-server in a terminal:
```
redis-server
```

In a separate terminal window, go to QMD/Launch, which contains scripts local_launch.sh and parallel_launch.sh. 
These implement QMLa locally or on a cluster respectively; they contain the top-level controls of interest:

* Binary settings - top level
** num_tests: how many independent QMLA instances to run
** qhl_test: don't perform full QMLA tree, just run QHL on known/set true model. 
** multiple_qhl: perform QHL on preset list of models
** do_further_qhl: perform QHL refinement stage on preferred models after QMLA has finished.
** exp_data: (1) use set of experimental data; (0) generate data according to simulated  
** simulate_experiment: use the growth rule set by experimental data but generate true data according to set model

* QHL parmaeters:
** prt: number of particles
** exp: number of epochs/experiments to run
** pgh: (deprecated) parmameters related to heuristic used for generating experimental times. 
** ra: resampler a parameter
** rt: resampler t parameter


The user need not change controls listed under QMD Settings as these do not materially impact how QMLA proceeds (they are used for consistency e.g. for creating paths to store results).


## Growth rules
The main control the user must change for their purposes is which growth rule is used. 
Growth rules are the mechanism by which the user can control how QMLA progresses: they specify the logic used to combine previously considered models, to produce unseen models to test against the system. 

Within the launch script, the user can specify `exp_growth_rule` and `sim_growth_rule`. 

If 
* exp_data==1 => exp_growth_rule is assigned
* exp_data==0 => sim_growth_rule is assigned (pure simulation) 
* simulate_experiment => exp_growth_rule is used, generating data according to the true model set within the growth rule.
